snackbar docs correction (#835)
avito-tech/avito-android: docs/content/test_framework/Snackbar.md

appeared yet.

**How our library works?** \

> We remember all snackbar showings intentions through the test and give you an ability to check that snackbar showing history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We keep all Snackbar showings intentions through the test and give you the ability to check that snackbar showing history.
```
